# rheo_benchmarks

This repository contains the analyses related to the numerical results presented in the paper RHEO: A Hybrid Mesh-Free Model Framework for Dynamic Multi-Phase Flows.

FILE STRUCTURE

Each benchmark presented in the "Numerical Results" section of the paper has separate folder within this reposistory. Each benchmark folder includes the LAMMPS input scripts used to generate the data used in the analyses as well as any input data files necessary to run the simulation. Each benchmark folder also includes a folder titled "RHEO_files" that contains all of the custom RHEO files needed to build the specific version RHEO used for that benchmark.

The version of LAMMPS used to run RHEO is linked as a submodule in the "lammps_files" directory.

The jupyter notebook used to perform the analyses is titled "analysis_script.jpynb". The notebook references the data folders for each benchmark that are initially empty. To run the analyses, the data must be generated by building RHEO then running the lammps input scripts.

The figures directory contains the svg formatted figures used in the paper.  

BUILDING RHEO

For reproducibility, the files needed to build the exact version of RHEO used for each benchmark are provided.  To build LAMMPS for a specific benchmark, copy the files in the the RHEO_files directory of that benchmark into the lammps_files/lammps/src/ directory. Then build LAMMPS following the instructions on the LAMMPS documentation site (https://docs.lammps.org/Build_cmake.html). The analyses are performed using the netCDF library, so to generate the data needed to run the analyses, LAMMPS must be built with the netCDF package enabled and the netCDF library properly linked in the CMakeLists.txt file in the lammps_files/lammps/cmake/ directory. RHEO also depends on the GNU Scientific Libraries (GSL), so GSL also needs to be properly linked in the CMakeLists.txt. A sample of a modified CMakeLists.txt file with properly linked GSL and netCDF libraries is provided in the lammps_files directory.
